Known bugs:
-----------

* The wmlindent and wmllint tools may mangle certain WML constructs; this is known, and the
  author intends to make this campaign compatible with these mainline maintenance tools
  in the close future. As a workaround for the time being, the maintainer should resist
  to let wmllint run unattended, and keep backups before changes or use wmllint -d previously
  to check the changes the tool wants to make for any possible side-effects.

* Some scenarios, specially of the last part, contain enemies that may respawn indefinitely if you
  try (mistakenly) to defeat them. Please, bear in mind that as a general rule for this campaign,
  you are not supposed to defeat all enemies unless the objectives summary clearly states so.
  Attempting to do so may get you stuck in some scenarios. Id est, this is *not* a bug.

* Scenario "Dawn of the Great War" causes the game to look like frozen after the initial
  dialogue, just before the player regains control and the new objectives get displayed;
  this is known to happen at least on openSUSE 10.3 x86_64 kernel 2.6.22.5-31-default
  with Wesnoth 1.4+SVN, without optimizations. Possibly does not affect official binaries
  or anything else that was compiled with optimizations.
  The game seems to freeze for about 10 seconds.

* Some units may not display properly if haloes are disabled in the game preferences;
  this is due to the way they are extended over more space than it could fit one hex,
  as a workaround to an engine limitation. I hope we can work it out in Wesnoth 1.5.x.
  Affected units include: Faerie Spirit, Kagthanus Matrix Core, Kagthanus Matrix Flowsystem.

* Damage floating labels ocassionally don't display over units of the Elvish Warrior Spirit
  line when they result harmed during a fight. The cause is not known yet.

* Story line is inconsistent, specially after "Bye and Behold" and before "Arrival of
  the Battalion" (not really continuous). This is known and is caused by some scenarios
  that are not yet enabled, but which should take place in-between.

* Some Chaos faction units seem to "pop out" during fight; this is caused by a mixture of
  both deprecated animation frames and a modern standing frame. Id est, those deprecated
  animation frames must be updated.

Note that here are listed only those bugs that are known by the author, and that have not been
fixed in this release; usually there are still more bugs to be found, and most of them are fixed
before a new release is made, thus don't get to be listed in this file.


Reporting new bugs:
-------------------

Sometimes, you may come across an already reported bug, or a bug that was already fixed in a
newer release of the campaign. To make sure you are not falling into the later case, please always
download the latest version of this campaign and try to reproduce the bug.

It is good practice, often ignored, to try to reproduce the bug in other campaigns, preferably
mainline, or with an isolated case of WML code (if you know what it is). This can help us
optimize the bug fixing procedure by discriminating bugs that are specific to this campaign
or that are actually caused by the game engine.

If you happen to find a new bug that is specific to this campaign, please report it as soon as
possible at www.wesnoth.org/forum/, Scenario & Campaign dev. subforum, thread "Invasion from the
Unknown", with as much information as possible to help us find the cause and fix the bug.

In the case that the bug could be reproduced in other campaigns/with isolated and proper WML,
you should report it with relevant information at www.wesnoth.org/forum/, Technical Support
subforum; you might as well submit the issue to bugs.wesnoth.org, but only if you are certain
that it is a real bug in the game engine itself.


Contacting the Author:
----------------------

Please do not e-mail me for anything related to the campaign; I usually get my inbox filled with
messages and cannot examine one by one. Therefore, forum personal messaging is preferred, but
*ONLY* if you really need to talk with me directly. You should PM "Shadow Master" in such a case.

-- Ignacio Riquelme Morelle
