----------------------------------------------------------
INVASION FROM THE UNKNOWN / ARMAGEDDON: CAST OF CHARACTERS
----------------------------------------------------------

This is a definitive profile list for characters in Invasion from the Unknown. Although some of them
might be present in other campaigns, including mainline, the intention here is to demonstrate a certain
degree of evolvement of themselves, which is specially important for this campaign, where the plot
takes a crucial part in its development as a continued history and as a WML product by itself.

MASSIVE SPOILERS WARNING!
MASSIVE SPOILERS WARNING!
MASSIVE SPOILERS WARNING!
MASSIVE SPOILERS WARNING!

Don't come back crying and shouting that no one warned you before.


1. THE GOOD
-----------

1.1. Galas
----------

He is basically a young boy that grew up admiring this father's deeds in battle for defending the home
valley against intruders, until a fateful day in which a stray missile crushed his craneum, causing him
a brief but painful death. Galas trained hard since then and got himself involved in the defense patrols,
to the point he got a leading rank in one of the parties that was in charge of the southern frontiers.
He also developed a "cold" personality and behavior, becoming a notable leader, and getting revenge on
his father's murderers with time.

Later after the point at which this campaign begins, his hidden nightmares become true with the arrival
of the Chaos hordes. He turns into a doubtful boy yet again, and loses his natural leadership, which is
forced to be kept alive by Anlindë, his adopted mother, who pushes him into the difficult position of
deciding the future of the elven kind.

After meeting Elynia in scenario 10, he somehow finds himself thinking weird things about her; he falls
in love with her.

In scenario 11, Galas finds himself yet again in a difficult and fateful situation; Anlindë, his adopted
mother, decides to sacrifice herself as a distraction for the enemy while elves and dwarves escape the
sieged New Knalga. He would have gone into panic if it wasn't for Elynia's wise words.

After assuming the events, and adapting to the new scheme, Galas recovers his leadership and leads the
party to the Grand Council with the men of Aragwaith in scenario 14. After Erathan, a human ranger,
joins the party, Galas basically enforces his leadership by taking decissions without having to listen
instructions or suggestions as he did when Anlindë was around, and by imposing them over the human's
advice.

In scenario 20, he realizes that he is no longer alone in the world, and that Elynia, Mal Keshar, and
even Erathan, are willing to follow him to the end of the world if necessary to accomplish the mission
that Anlindë enforced on him: save the Elvish race.

In scenario 22-B and C, he takes Argan's place as Elynia's companion and fiancée, basically because
Argan himself asked him to do so before dying to never return. See Argan/Shadow Master's profile in
The Bad (2) section for details.

Physical attributes:
* He is very young, almost a boy, but still a capable and ocassionally fierce and frightening warrior.
* Hair: blonde
* Eyes: blue
* Height: average for his age

Details available from:
* Shadow Master/ShikadiLord


1.2. Elynia
-----------

She enters the group after scenario 10, and has a secondary role in dialogues although her importance
to the mission is the highest.

Nobody knows where or why she came to Wesnoth, but her arrival should have taken place around 750 YW,
when Elves, Dwarves and Orcs allied to defeat a Wesfolk Lich Lord that invaded the Great Continent.
Therefore, she probably witnessed the arrival of the Aragwaithi and the attack of Grekulak's Akladians
later. Refer to campaign "A New Order" for information on that historic period, irrelevant to this
document.

It's very little what is known about her past; she probably was an elvish maiden before that achieved
the status of Elvish Shyde, and got blessed by the Union(1) later; at the end, she is more tightly
bound to her faerie side rather than elven. As a side-effect, her appearance is eternally youthful.

There is a small hint about her obscure origin, during the fight against the Shadow Master. Dialog
fragment follows:

- Elynia: I am being serious. Mal Keshar, let's finish with this once and for all!
- Mal Keshar: As you command, my lady. Let's do it.
- Argan/Shadow Master: I was the one who granted you life in first place, when you were nothing
    but an automaton. I sacrificed everything for you, and this is how you pay!? No... no! If you
    really want to suffer the same fate of others, to be enslaved by my power, then so be it. You
    have chosen it, and the Union cannot save you... not without me!

Although her appearance is youthful, her melancholic face clearly denotes the knowledge she possesses,
and the many trials she must have passed to achieve it. Still, she shall not reveal any of that
knowledge to anyone except the few ones she trusts. Besides that, her whimsical behavior equals
that of most faeries.

Her dress is slightly ragged and composed of an upper, grayish green part, and a lower (skirt), green
part, as depicted in the sprite. Some leaves and twigs are usually found embedded in her pale long hair
(it is so long that it should reach her hips). All of this are consequences of she living in the
wilderness, rather than in elvish palaces or something like normal wood elves.

Most physical features should be depicted in her custom sprite, drawn by Shadow Master.

Physical attributes:
* Eyes: red - orange
* Hair: very pale red - rose
* Youthful overall appearance, usually melancholic

Details available from:
* Shadow Master/ShikadiLord


1.3. Mal Keshar
---------------

He enters the group after scenario 3, initially serving as some sort of mercenary; he was willing
to help them find Elynia, but never thought that their journey would remind him of his difficult
past. At the start his power was superseded by Anlindë's, but later he would had many oportunities
of slaying the elves, which he didn't use. Soon he would find himself taking care of Galas as a
frined, situation which probably neither ever imagined. It is very likely that Galas reminded
him of the times he was a small and unsecure child - see Malin Keshar in Descent into Darkness.

Albeit the long time passed since he turned into a lich, scarce trails of decomposed flesh and hair are
still left in his head.

He inadvertely admits in a moment of confussion(2) that Elynia's beauty is overwhelming for him.
At the end, he sticks to her side and joins her journey to the unknown, as it is seen before that
he sympatizes with her.


1.4. Anlindë
------------

An ancient* elven sage, she has lived for more than a millenium, probably. Nobody
knows how or why, but it is rumored that it has something to do with her participation
in the Wesmere War, by the side of the demon-lord Yanqui. Most of time in this campaign
she's a very maternal attitude towards Galas, but she sometimes gets angry when he
attempts to dig back into her past. She's the first one to give Mal Keshar a second
chance for redemption.

Physical features: black hair, green eyes, average size for her age

* i.e. she should look like old or something


1.5. Erathan
------------

Possibly Shadow/Wayfarer or Noyga know better than me what should an Aragwaithi look like. But in any
case, his psychological profile is this.

He usually has a peaceful and serious look, but is easily angered by anyone who contradicts him.
Although in the beginning he was very harsh to Elynia and Galas, mostly because a love affair he had
with a faerie, mentioned in this campaign, with time and at the end he befriends them.


1.6. Igor
---------

This is our generic sidekick, a Goblin Wolf Rider. He should look... goblin, rude, rusty. Features
that you can tell from his lines in the dialogue. The wolvie's face should not appear in the portrait.


1.7. Althurin
-------------

A young dwarven runesmith, the best of all that live in this time. Courageous and smart, he acts in
the manner of his elders, rather than other fellow young dwarves. We can consider him a modern runesmith
version of Angarthing, of THoT.


1.9. King Asthorgar
-------------------

He's a descendant (greatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreatgrandson) of King Thurongar.


2. THE BAD
----------

2.1. Argan
----------

Until the final clash, it is not known that he is the Shadow Master; in fact, such nickname
is not mentioned until the Dawn of the Great War.

When he and Elynia went to explore the caverns underground, Argan got lost and ended up,
somehow, facing Uria herself, the Mother of Inferno. After attempting to defend himself,
his body was teared apart, but Uria resurrected him by means of unholy magic and technology,
to constrain his soul to this part-metal, part-living body he has now. Nobody knows what Uria
did to his mind in the process to convert him in a blood-thirsty abomination that wants
to bring the Inferno to the real plane (the process...).

In fact, it is still unknown what is Uria's relation with the shaxthal lifeforms.

Physical features: there is nothing or noone left, other than Elynia's eyes, that witnessed him
in his living form. In his "biomechanical-undead" form, we see just his biomechanical
body covered by armor and robes (see his sprite), and his face is usually seen as
a pair of glowing yellow eyes under the shadow of his hood; sometimes we can see the real
metallic mask beneath the hood. But it is not until the final fight that we get to see what lies
beneath that mask:

"With those words, as he pronounced them, he lifted his mask from his face, and let it fall to
the floor, breaking to pieces, producing the only sound that could be heard, as all the present
people looked in dread the face of their probable fate. Beneath the metallic mask was Argan, not
the Shadow Master. But he was no longer a living one, a natural being. His face had various
metallic objects embedded, and his skin was mostly gone, except for a few traces of it, and
his hair. Be it not for the conversation taking place at that moment, one would think it was
just a larger Shaxthal drone. And what lied beneath his robes, by taking a single look at his
face, was obvious. Argan, the Master of Darkness, was proved to be the Shadow Master." [...]

- Argan: You are just feeding me, fools!
- Galas: Then what blasted thing is your body made of?!
- Argan: Uria dismantled my original body, and rebuilt it to be stronger and deadlier, to serve
  her cause as his blessed messenger of Chaos. No one can oppose me now, and those who dare
  think of doing so, end like the drones around you.
- Elynia: So, you, yourself, did this monstrousity to them?
- Argan: Aye, but they are nothing more than cheap imitations of my own body's design. I am
  far more powerful than any of them. Do you see now, that in this world all that is natural
  is destined to perish eventually, but that my arts can allow us to enlengthen the life-span
  of beings, without going through the decay and foul consequences of necromancy?


2.2. Elyssa
-----------

We first met her in Under the Burning Suns, as a wayfarer mage of Fire. She used to seek for
historic remainings of the Empire of Wesnoth, so in those wanderings she must have found something
evil, that led her to the lair of the Shadow Master. Rather than turned into a shaxthal by him,
she was turned into a demon by Uria, taking advantage of her fair powers.

She appears twice in the campaign: the first time on "Face your Fate", to fight r 



