Shaxthals
---------

An ancient civilization inhabited the planet; those were the Argazars. Long time ago, they
were losing a war with the planet Rythé, and found themselves close to complete oblivion,
until with their great knowledge of biology, genetics, technology and even magic, they were able
to create the ultimate weapon: the biomechanicals, known in their ancient tongue as "Shaxthals",
invincible legionnaries. They were made of the best characteristics of every creature known
by their creators. They served as protectors to the Argazars in the beginning, but one fateful day,
a great cataclysm desolated the lands, destroyed the cities, and buried them down into the ground.

Most Argazars were not able to survive the devastation, but a few ones struggled to sustain their
lives in a underground base, where the shaxthal production was started. The Rythénians thought
their race was gone, so they stopped attacking the planet. No one knows what events took place
in the surface during centuries, millenia, eons. But what is known, is that the Argazards lost control
over their creations, because of a small detail that slipped through the original design.

Their instincts prevailed, a strange mixture of those of the original mangled beings they were
in the past, and those that were programmed into their artificial bodies. Those instincts
commanded them to start consuming the remainings of the Argazar civilization. They took the argazan
bodies and integrated them into their own lifeform. For they had an advanced assimilation system that
allowed them to integrate into new environments, or adapt the environment themselves to suit their needs,
including any living organism that inhabit them.

The Shaxthals had the same knowledge of technology of the Argazars, just not that of genetics or magic.
With barely a few dozen of men left, the Argazars figured out a way to destroy the Shaxthals. The strongest
ones, few though, survived. Thus, the loremasters decided to keep them in cryogenic pods instead of
destructing them forever, as they thought they could still be a last hope of survival at some point in
the future. That foolish thought was what almost condemned the Great Continent to its armageddon.

Long after the Fall of Wesnoth, the self-proclaimed Emperor of Chaos figured out a way to resurrect the
creatures, and reproduce their technology by artificial means, and even figured out a way to make them
able to reproduce by natural, asexual means. They were converted then into the main weapon of the Chaos
Empire. After the defeat of Argan the Shadow Master, the Shaxthals were freed from their imprisonment in
the dark hives of the Heart, and managed to integrate to existing environments in the outsides, and even
adapt the environments to suit their own needs. Their intelligence continued evolving, to a point that
some privileged ones became self-sentient, and started to inflict destruction and strife in the existing
races, which managed to keep the situation under control thanks to their technological advance, until
the shaxthal's own advance got to a point above the former.

-- excerpt from The Scroll of Elynia (781 YF)
